Community Rules
1.1 - Do not Disrespect, Target, Intentionally Offend, Harass, Bully and/or Discriminate against other members of the community, we are all here for the same reason, we all like to play Garry’s Mod and other games. The acting out of those listed above will be dealt with very seriously and will most likely result in your removal from the community. 
1.2 - Listen to members of staff, do not argue against them as they are trying to moderate and keep the community running, they are giving up their time in order to do this. If you feel a staff member has treated you poorly please report it on the forums. 
1.3 - Acts of Racism, Sexism or other Prejudice against another community member is not tolerated and will be dealt with in a similar manner to rule 1.1. 
1.4 - Respect other community members, treat others as you wish to be treated. This is generally regarded as common sense however its a small request that you treat other community members with respect as they will do the same for you. 
1.5 - Respect that all the community members do have lives outside of this community, do not hassle and harass someone for something, please wait patiently for a reply from the staff or other community members as you do not know what is going on behind the screen. 
1.6 -  If you are going to criticise the server, members or staff team please do so in a constructive and respectful manner, this will benefit the server in the long run as your opinions can be used to improve aspects of the community. 
1.7 - The community is aimed towards a general audience, and as such, should be kept free from explicit content. This includes gore, nudity and pornography, drugs, etc. Any user distributing illegal materials across the community will be punished, and if necessary, have their details forwarded to the relevant authorities.

Section 1: General & Ship Rules
1.1. No racist or sexually abusive comments toward others
1.2. No impersonating staff members
1.3. No being disrespectful to other players or staff
1.4. No threatening to DDoS or take down our network [perm-ban and IP logging]
1.5. No asking for other players personal information (IE: home address, phone number)
1.6. No blocking doors or denying players access to a part of the map when they can access that area.
1.7. No microphone spam.
1.8. Do not enter an area in which you do not have the required clearance level.
1.9. Do not Suicide/disconnect to avoid arrest and/or punishment.
1.10. Do not enter a vehicle unless it belongs to you, you have been instructed to, or you are trained to use the vehicle.
1.11. Do not follow/harass any players intentionally.
1.12. Keep swearing and insults to a minimal amount.
1.13. You must always present your ID when asked by Shock, Jedi Council and Base Ops.
1.14. Never meta-game.
1.15. Never grapple hook a player without a valid reason (using the hook to catch a player in RP is not a valid reason).
1.16. Never buy a door if the opportunity arises.
1.17. Barracks are an OOC area only in your own barracks and when you will not disturb other regiments barracks.

Section 2: Regimental Rules
2.1. You may only join one regiment every 2 days, or with permission from your current commander to leave and join another regiment.
2.2. You may only join a regiment through a tryout, unless that regiment has no active members and you have permission from the Grand Admiral or a superadmin.
2.3. You can NEVER "transfer" to another regiment without a tryout, the only exception would be commanders in extreme situations.
2.4. When you join a new regiment you must always start from the rank of Private (PVT).
2.5. If your commander tells you to leave the regiment for any reason, you will do so respecting their decision. If you really wish to dispute their decision then you may talk to a Commodore +
2.6. You cannot promote someone above your current rank. Ask your commander who can promote.
2.7. You may NEVER promote yourself to a higher rank
2.8. You may only be promoted once a day until the the rank of Staff Sergeant, once every two days until the rank of First Lieutenant however this should take much longer since the higher ranks require leadership skills.
2.9. Respect and follow the chain of command, you should always listen to your higher-ups.
2.10. If someone is the same rank as you in a separate regiment or CT, then you cannot order them around.
2.11. You are not to order around other regiments unless you have permission to (The only exception would be if a commander has asked if the other regiment would like to be led by him/her).
2.12. When you join a new regiment you lose all your current specialization training, however you may be retrained to the level you were previously at.

Section 3: Jedi Rules
3.1. Always use the lightsaber settings defined in the respective document.
3.2. Always follow the respective documents provided by Yoda & Mace Windu.

Section 4: Base Ops Rules
4.1 General
4.1.1 All Base Ops must be in communication with each other.
4.1.2 All Base Ops must work with Shock Troopers.
4.1.3 PO3 and up must know and understand both Medical & Engineer training programs.
4.1.4 C4PO's Must have extensive training in both Medical and engineering.
4.1.5 Only 1 Promotion per person every 2 days.
4.1.6 No promoting for other battalions when on Base Ops.
4.1.7 Base Ops are not allowed to travel outside the main base without considerable reason. (Base is under heavy attack, Base Code 1, etc) However, they are allowed to travel with an escort

4.2 Respect
4.1.1 Respect all personnel on Base.
4.1.2 Do not use foul language.
4.1.3 Do not use the communications systems for unimportant matters.
4.1.4 Do not attempt to impersonate any other personnel.

4.3 Rules of Engagement
4.1.1 Do not engage in Jedi matters unless asked to.
4.1.2 Always attempt to find cover when possible; you are defenceless in comparison to the troops.
4.1.3 Watch for friendly fire.
 
4.4 Orders
4.1.1 The final order is from the highest rank of the specified department
4.1.1.a Base Ops ranks have higher authorisation when dealing with ship, ground base matters.
4.1.1.b Clone ranks have higher authorisation when dealing with combat deployments.
4.1.1.c Jedi ranks have higher authorisation when dealing with Force-sensitive matters.
4.1.2 Always obey orders from your superiors.
4.1.3 You cannot command your superiors, only advise.
4.1.4 Shock & Base Ops Commander + may request your ID when necessary. Ensure you have it on your person at all times.

4.5 Regulations
4.5.1 Do not enter areas above your clearance level or rank.
4.5.2 Do not enter a barracks without authorisation or CL3.
4.5.3 Do not attempt to enter an area being guarded without permission for entry.
4.5.4 Do not idle except when in the Fleet barracks.

Section 5: Specialization Rules
5.1 General
5.1.1 Once you pass Base Ops tryout you may tryout for a specialization.
5.1.2 You must reach the rank of Crewman (CM) to tryout for a Branch.
5.1.3 You cannot be more than one specialization at any one time.
5.1.4 If you train in a new specialization you will have to retrain in your previous specialization in-order to gain access to it again.

5.2 Pilot Rules
5.2.1 Only pilots may enter the cockpit of a spaceship.
5.2.2 Do not take off or engage hostiles unless given permission from a Base Ops Officer .
5.2.3 Do not exit your spaceship whilst in space.
5.2.4 Do not fire upon other friendly craft.
5.2.5 Do not give your spaceship to any other personnel.
5.2.6 Do not leave your spaceship unoccupied.
5.2.7 Always ask permission to take off or land.
5.2.8 Ensure the location is clear before requesting permission.
5.2.9 Do not hover unless you are taking off or landing.
5.2.10 Emergency pilots may only fly LAATs when given permission from a Fleet Officer

5.3 Explosives Rules
5.3.1 The RPS-6 may only used against Vehicles and Aircraft.
5.3.2 You can only place a maximun of 5 detonators in a single area/room at once unless told otherwise by a member of staff in a RP sitaution.
5.3.3 You may not place explosives randomly/use explosives outside of authorised trainings or during events.

Section 6: Event Rules
6.1. Never shield bash any event character with the exception of sith in which you can hit them once every minute.
6.2. Never shield assassinate an event character.
6.3. Never stunstick event characters or npcs.
6.4. Never shoot a cloaked event character unless they are not walking or standing still.
6.5. Do not intentionally touch cloaked event characters inorder to meta game their location.
6.6. Do not meta-game events.
6.7. Never used weapons while cloaked (The only exception would be a deathwatches knife).
6.8. Never Grapple hook an event character.
6.9. Do not abuse any bugs or glitches with medical items in order to reduce an event characters health to the default amount.
6.10. If playing as a event character never use your mic unless required to. E.G Droid's should never speak however deathwatch can.
6.11. Keep mic usage as event characters to serious roleplay reasons only.
6.12. When no longer required as a event characters always change back to your original job.
6.13. Do not sprint as a Droid with the exception of Magna Guarda and Commando droids.

Section 7: Donator Rules
7.1. Donation are not refundable.
7.2. If you donate you understand that you are doing to help fund the servers upkeep costs and any new potential scripts, models and addons.
7.3. Your donation rewards can be removed at anytime by Server Owner or Owner if abused.
7.4. As a donator you are not immune to warnings, bans or kicks, You are still expected to follow the rules just like everyone else.
7.5. Do not spam sound sweps when in neutral jobs.
7.6. Do not interfere with events, trainings, simulations or tryouts as a neutral job.
7.7. If a clone asks you to leave an area as a neutral job you must listen to them and follow the order.
7.8. Neutral jobs have no authority on the ship, they are simply there as guests of the republic.
7.9. You cannot use /comms or /advert as a neutral job as you do not have access to them in rp.

Section 8: Defcon's
8.1 Natural State (Weapons away, but can be on safety)
8.2 High Alert (Weapons out, patrol the base & surroundings)
8.3 All battalions to Battle Stations.
8.4 Evacuate the Base.
a. Defcon's are called by highest ranks online within the Republic Base or if no Base Ops or Shock is online (or active) then the the highest ranking Jedi may call Defcon's.
